ONAY

ONAY, but hard. In the evening Nura decided to analyze his today's travel expenses on public transport.
The bus system in Codemodian is arranged in such a way that each bus runs along the route between two stops. 
Each bus has no intermediate stops. 
So each of the buses continuously runs along the route from one stop to the other and back. 
There is at most one bus running between a pair of stops.
Nura made N trips on buses. 
About each trip the stop where he started the trip and the the stop where he finished are known. 
The trips follow in the chronological order in Nura's notes.
It is known that one trip on any bus costs a tenges. 
In case when passenger makes a transshipment the cost of trip decreases to b tenges (b<a). 
A passenger makes a transshipment if the stop on which he boards the bus coincides with the stop where he left the previous bus. 
Obviously, the first trip can not be made with transshipment.
For example, if Nura made three consecutive trips: "Dormitory" -> "KBTU", "KBTU" -> "Kazzhol", "KBTU" -> "Dormitory",
then he payed a + b + a = 2a + b tenges. From the "Dormitory" he arrived to the "KBTU", where he made transshipment to the other bus and departed to the "Kazzhol". 
Then he walked to the "KBTU" and returned to the "Dormitory" by bus.
Also Nura can buy no more than k travel cards. Each travel card costs f tenges. (Проездной)
The travel card for a single bus route makes free of charge any trip by this route (in both directions). 
Once purchased, a travel card can be used any number of times in any direction.
What is the smallest amount of money Nura could have spent today if he can buy no more than k travel cards?

Input format :
n, a, b, k, f
Two stations

Constraints : Find smallest amount, be attantive with travel card.
Подсказка : map && queue (Если хочешь можешь и не писать)

Output format : 
Answer - minimum amount

Test #1

In: 
3 5 3 1 8
Dormitory KBTU
KBTU Kazzhol
KBTU Dormitory

Hint: 8 + 3

Out:
11


Test #2

In:
4 2 1 300 1000
a A
A aa
aa AA
AA a

Hint: 2 + 1 + 1 + 1

Out: 
5


Test #3
In:
3 5 3 1 100
Dormitory KBTU
KBTU Kazzhol
KBTU Dormitory

Hint: 5 + 3 + 5

Out:
13

Test #4
Можешь сам прочекать логику задачи